Create The Things Network doc (#292)
TheThingsIndustries/lorawan-stack-docs: doc/content/getting-started/ttn/addresses.md

---
title: "Addresses"
description: ""
---

> The addresses where you can reach The Things Network network consist of the cluster ID and `cloud.thethings.network`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The addresses where you can reach {{% tts %}} Community Edition by The Things Network consist of the cluster ID and `cloud.thethings.network`.
```

> The addresses where you can reach The Things Stack Community consist of the cluster ID and `cloud.thethings.network`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The addresses where you can reach The Things Stack Community Edition consist of the cluster ID and `cloud.thethings.network`.
```

You can update the examples below with your cluster ID by filling it here.

{{< cluster-selector >}}

## Console

To learn how to get started with the Console, see the [Console Getting Started Guide]({{< ref "/getting-started/console" >}}).

Each cluster has a Console where you can manage gateways and end devices of that cluster. You can use any cluster with your Cloud account.

> The address of the Console includes the cluster ID:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The address where you can access the Console:
```

Reviewer 2: The info that it contains the cluster ID is already mentioned on the beginning, and it's better to keep it as simple as possible

</code>
</p>

However, the Identity Server APIs are only available in the `eu1` cluster:

<p>
<code data-content="cluster-address">
eu1.cloud.thethings.network
</code>
</p>

{{< warning >}}End-Device Registry API requests or other Identity Server API requests to any cluster other than `eu1` will fail. {{</ warning >}}

## Account and OAuth

User accounts are stored in the `eu1` cluster. For registering users, logging in, changing your password and for performing OAuth flows, you need to use the following address:

<p>
<code data-content="cluster-address">
https://eu1.cloud.thethings.network/oauth
</code>
</p>

> ## Console

Reviewer 3: I reordered this as part of a PR merged yesterday. Please use the same order. Console is going up.
